Fix diskutil deleteVolume command in Uninstall guide (#11371)
NixOS/nix: doc/manual/src/installation/uninstall.md

   diskutil list
   ```

   If you _do_ find a "Nix Store" volume, delete it by running `diskutil apfs deleteVolume` with the store volume's `diskXsY` identifier.

>    If you get an error that the volume is in use by the kernel you might have to reboot and immediately delete the volume before atrting any other process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you get an error that the volume is in use by the kernel, reboot and immediately delete the volume before starting any other process.
```
